[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Shallow is really useful
for checking to make sure mark up got in,
that things are getting
rendered the way you expect but
if you actually want to be interacting
with it you have to do a little bit more.
You have to be able to like
have events happening,
like Shallow doesn't have events,
it doesn't have anything like that.
It just basically like gives you
a string back of the mark up and
gives you a couple of easy
methods to be able to look at it.
Another thing that's really nice but
enzyme which I'm not particularly,
actually we're gonna look at right now,
is you can kind of use JQuery-like
syntax on it and it works.
And that's really nice for a lot of us
that have done way too much JQuery code.
So we're going to do
some of that right now.
Okay so we have shallow.
But we need to go one step further.
We need like a real
dom-esque environment right.
So we're going to bring in something
called mount as well from enzyme.
The trade off here is that.
So first of all as far as I know
everything you can do with Shallow you can
also do with Mount.
The trade off being that Mount is
quite a bit slower than Shallow.
Shallow's pretty damn fast.
Okay so it should filter
correctly given new state.
>> Brian Holt: I want to say const wrapper
= mount search.
>> Brian Holt: Okay and
then I want to say const input =
wrapper.find.search-input.
So again, jQuery like syntax here,
most of us should feel pretty comfortable
with that, if not it's okay, but
this is relatively how jQuery would look.
This is going to go in and find our input.
If you remember from our search.jsx.
It's going to go grab this one right here.
And now, we can basically
programmatically interact with
it.
>> Brian Holt: So what
we're going to do here is we're going to
say, input.node, which is actually going
to be talking directly to the DOM node.
>> Speaker 2: Can you scroll up
a little bit.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Let me just put a bunch of
empty space up here.
>> Speaker 2: Thanks.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, .value,
input.node.value = 'house', right.
Now, I'm gonna say, it doesn't actually
do these on change events for you so
you actually have to tell it I changed it,
here's the event that actually happened.
So I have to say input.simulate('change').
Basically saying I changed the value and
now I'm gonna give you a change event.
And then that's gonna to fire our
on Change event inside a react.
Does that make sense?
Okay and then here we're gonna
say expect wrapper.state.
So we can actually inspect the state
in our component for the search term.
>> Brian Holt: To equal ('house').
So basically,
first thing we're gonna test is, does
the state match the value of the input.
Basically we're testing to see,
if anywhere our two way data binding got
broken, and then we're also going to test,
(wrapper.find('.show-card)).length.
So unfortunately we can't do this
magic up here where we're just using
the constructor for the, excuse me,
we can't use the component to find it, we
actually have to search on the CSS class.
Mount just doesn't have that capability.
So I guess that's not totally true that
shallow and mount aren't quite the same.
They are a little different and
that's just the way it is.
And then, to equal to, right, cuz we
know we have exactly house of cards and
we have a fuller house and
it shouldn't show anything else.
So basically we're saying if I search for
house, I should only be showing
two different show cards and
I should be dropping the rest of them.
So basically at this point we're just
testing, is the search part of it,
is the filtering part of it working?
So to answer our friends previous
question, this is indirectly testing if
our filtering works correctly.
>> Brian Holt: Which is always dangerous,
indirect testing is not usually
the best way to do it but it works for
me at this time.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's go make sure it works and
then we'll take some questions on this.
>> Brian Holt: Npm, run test.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
notice it says this.
This is basically means,
you wrote a slow test.
[LAUGH] And it tells you how long
it took you to run this test.
And that is just
the nature of using mount.
Mount is just slower, and there's not
really much you can do about that.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions
here?
>> Speaker 3: They're asking
why we're using mount instead of shallow
and it's because shallow doesn't allow for
the interaction?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, that's precisely it.
We wanted to be able to simulate events
and change the value of the input and
that's why you have to use mount here and
not, because shallow doesn't allow for
that.
>> Brian Holt: Other
questions?
>> Speaker 4: So,
you're recommending use
shallow when you can, and
then use mount if you have to?
>> Brian Holt: Precisely.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: That is eloquently
put, thank you.
There is actually even
one level further than
mount, you can actually do,
it's called static rendering.
Which is actually going to
be using JSDOM in Cheerio.
That actually creates a very
browser like environment.
And we'll have to use
that at the end of today
because once we start introducing
tools like redux and things like that
that it requires an even more realistic
browser environment and it's even slower.
So yeah,
you kind of go down the hierarchy.
Can I do this with Shallow?
No.
Can I do this with Mount?
And then eventually you say,
can I do this with Static Rendering?
Okay, I guess I have to
use static rendering.
>> Speaker 5: If you're using shallow, do
you get access to state or other methods?
>> Brian Holt: No, not as far as I know.
>> Speaker 5: You just get access to
the DOM output.
>> Brian Holt: You might get access to
initial state.
You know I'm not sure to be totally
honest.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I'm not exactly sure what the limitations
are and some are still pretty new library.
I think it's been out for
about six months or so.
That's at least as long as I've been using
it anyway, but good question though.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 3: Would this work properly if
you were debouncing the inputs?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah
it would work because,
>> Brian Holt: This
is almost like a copy and paste, right?
We're inputting house all at once.
It's not like we're doing H,
then O, then U, then S, then E.
So this should work okay.
>> Brian Holt: I
think actually technically,
I don't think you'd use a debouncer,
I think it'd be a throttle.
>> Brian Holt: Because
you definitely want it to run at the end
of whenever they stopped typing right?
Yeah, I might have that backwards.
Don't ask me.
I don't remember.
Anyway, [LAUGH] any other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I think that's the end of
my unit testing thing.
So I'm just gonna push a branch real
quick if anyone wants to grab the tests.
The only thing about all these
tests that we just wrote,
we're now going to go break all of them.
[LAUGH] And that's just the unfortunate
reality of writing UI code.
>> Brian Holt: So git checkout -b fen-15,
git add-A, git commit -m FEM step 15,
git push origin fem -15.